feat(curriculum): add Cargo Manifest Validator Lab to JavaScript v9 (#66197)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lab-cargo-manifest-validator/69a56b5069ca99f7317e6e19.md

    - If the input manifest is valid (no missing or invalid fields), returns an empty object `{}`.
    - If any of the input manifest's fields are invalid or missing, returns an object describing those fields - specifically, `missingField: "Missing"` and `invalidField: "Invalid"`. Below is an example return where the input object is missing the `destination` field and has an invalid `weight` field:

    ```js
    {
        destination: "Missing",
        weight: "Invalid"
    }
    ```

    - A field is invalid if: 
        - `destination` is not a non-empty string
        - `weight` is not a positive number
        - `unit` is neither "kg" nor "lb"
        - `hazmat` is not a boolean
3. You should implement the function `processManifest(manifest)`, which accepts a manifest object, and:
    - If the manifest is valid, logs `Validation success: ${containerId}` and then logs the manifest's weight in kilograms as such, `Total weight: ${weight} kg`.
    - If the manifest is not valid, logs: `Validation error: ${containerId}` and then directly logs the object which is returned by calling `validateManifest()` on the original manifest.

>     Note: each of these two cases should have two `console.log()` calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You should implement a function named `processManifest` with a `manifest` parameter. The function should log:
    - If the manifest object is valid, `Validation success: ${containerId}` and then the manifest's weight in kilograms as such, `Total weight: ${weight} kg`.
    - If the manifest object is not valid, `Validation error: ${containerId}` and then the object returned by calling `validateManifest()` with the manifest object.
    Note: each of these two cases should have two `console.log()` calls.
```

  assert.notStrictEqual(result, obj, "normalizeUnits must return a new object, not modify the original");

  const expectedWeight = obj.unit === "lb" ? obj.weight * 0.45 : obj.weight;

  const expected = {
    ...obj,
    weight: expectedWeight,
    unit: "kg"
  };

  assert.deepEqual(
    result,
    expected,
    `normalizeUnits did not return the expected normalized object for manifest at index ${i}`
  );
});
```

Your `normalizeUnits()` function should return a new copy of the input `manifest` object without mutating the original.

```js
const original = {
    containerId: 151,
    destination: "Saffron City",
    weight: 151,
    unit: "lb",
    hazmat: false
};

const expected = {
    containerId: 151,
    destination: "Saffron City",
    weight: 67.95,
    unit: "kg",
    hazmat: false
};

const copy = normalizeUnits(original);
assert.isObject(copy);
assert.deepEqual(copy, expected);
assert.notStrictEqual(copy, original, "normalizeUnits() should return a new object.");
assert.strictEqual(original.weight, 151, "Original object should not be mutated.");
assert.strictEqual(original.unit, "lb", "Original object should not be mutated.");
```

> You should have a function named `validateManifest()` which accepts one parameter, `manifest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have a function named `validateManifest` with a `manifest` parameter.
```

```js
assert.isFunction(validateManifest);
const regex = __helpers.functionRegex('validateManifest', ['manifest']);
assert.match(__helpers.removeJSComments(validateManifest.toString()), regex);
```

Your function `validateManifest()` should return an empty object `{}` if the input manifest object is valid.

```js
const solution = {}
for (const obj of _validManifests) {
    assert.deepEqual(
        validateManifest(obj),
        solution,
        "validateManifest() should return an empty object for valid manifests."
    );
}
```

Your function `validateManifest()` should return an object describing missing and/or invalid fields if the input manifest object is not valid.

```js
const solutions = [
    { unit: 'Invalid' },
    { weight: 'Invalid', unit: 'Invalid', hazmat: 'Missing' },
    { unit: 'Missing', hazmat: 'Invalid' },
    { destination: 'Invalid', hazmat: 'Invalid' }
];

let i = 0;

for (const obj of _invalidManifests) {
    const result = validateManifest(obj);
    assert.deepEqual(
        result,
        solutions[i],
        "validateManifest() should return an object with errors for invalid manifests."
    );

    i += 1;
}
```

> You should have a function named `processManifest()` which accepts one parameter, `manifest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have a function named `processManifest` with a `manifest` parameter.
```

```js
assert.isFunction(processManifest);
const regex = __helpers.functionRegex('processManifest', ['manifest']);
assert.match(__helpers.removeJSComments(processManifest.toString()), regex);
```

Your function `processManifest()` should, if the input manifest object is valid, log a success message with the object's `containerId`, and then log the object's `weight` in kilograms.

```js
const spy = __helpers.spyOn(console, "log");

try {
  for (const obj of _validManifests) {
    processManifest(obj);
  }

  const expectedCalls = [
    ["Validation success: 4"],
    ["Total weight: 373.95 kg"],
    ["Validation success: 5"],
    ["Total weight: 151 kg"],
  ]

  assert.deepEqual(spy.calls, expectedCalls);

} catch (err) {
  assert.fail(err);
} finally {
  spy.restore();
}
```

> Your function `processManifest()` should, if the input manifest object is not valid, should log an error message with the object's `containerId`, and then log the object returned by calling `validateManifest()` on the input object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the input manifest object is not valid, your `processManifest()` function should log an error message with the object's `containerId`, and then log the object returned by calling `validateManifest()` with the input object.
```
